JUnit List Etiquette

It's time for a little reminder of some of the finer points of JUnit
mailing list etiquette. This will be posted now and then; not often
enough to be spam, but often enough to keep our newer members aware of
how we conduct business around here.

Dear members and readers of the JUnit mailing list,

Around here, we love testing. Not only do we love testing, we love to
discuss any and all aspects of testing, often with enthusiasm and
passion. This is good, This is the reason that this mailing list
exists. On top of all this, we are very keen to help others understand
this strange affliction we have; medical name "testus infectus",
better known as being test infected. We love to answer questions and
help those new to the joy move further down the road towards test
enlightenment. In the classic spirit of hospitality, our list is your
list, our test cases are your test cases. Please make yourself at home
and enjoy the journey. :-)

That said, there are some things that we don't love, so sit tight and listen up.

We don't love people who haven't, or won't, read the JUnit Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQ) document, lovingly maintained by Mike Clark or
the "Smart Questions" document written and maintained by Eric S.
Raymond. Here are the links, go forth and read ...

http://junit.sourceforge.net/doc/faq/faq.htm

http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html

We don't love people who think that we'll do their homework
assignments for them. Back when I was a lad, we didn't have the
Internet and we had to do our own homework assignments without the aid
of all the knowledge and information that you have available to you
today. (And yes, now that you ask, I did walk uphill both ways to
school through the snow.)

We don't love people who are incapable of using a search engine, but
are yet somehow capable of signing up onto this mailing list so that
they can ask questions that ten seconds of searching would reveal the
answer to. Learn how to use a search engine. Around here, Google seems
quite popular. Here's a link; learn to love it and use it.

http://www.google.com/

We don't love job postings. We do love having jobs (or at least, we
like the pay) and we do like to look at job postings, but we like to
look at them in more logical places like job websites. So, please
don't be upset when a moderator deletes your carefully worded prose
describing yet another testing job.

We don't love thread hijacking. That's when you start a different
subject by replying to a previous conversation and not even changing
the subject line. We like to discuss a variety of subjects, so please
feel free to be inspired to ask side-questions during ongoing
conversations. Just do so by starting a fresh thread with a unique
subject line.

Lastly, we don't love people who whine, moan and generally sound like
petulant children after they've been told that they have violated one
of the "laws of the land" around here. It's a big old Internet; feel
free to take your questions and/or tantrums somewhere else if you
don't like the way we do things around here.
